Add details about promotion into compiler contributors team (#713)
rust-lang/rust-forge: src/compiler/membership.md

  - [rust-lang/ar_archive_writer](https://github.com/rust-lang/ar_archive_writer)
  - [rust-lang/project-thir-unsafeck](https://github.com/rust-lang/project-thir-unsafeck)
  - [rust-lang/odht](https://github.com/rust-lang/odht)
  - [rust-lang/wg-incr-comp](https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-incr-comp)
  - [rust-lang/project-rfc-2229](https://github.com/rust-lang/project-rfc-2229)
  - [rust-lang/rustc-demangle](https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-demangle)
  - [rust-lang/surveys-private](https://github.com/rust-lang/surveys-private)
  - [rust-lang/rfcs](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs)

  Some of them are pretty quiet or obsolete, so don't worry about all of them.

  Tip: Github automatically adds you as subscriber to every repo you get write
  permission too. You can disable this in the settings
  ([here](https://github.com/settings/notifications)).

- You will also be subscribed to the `all@rust-lang.org` mailing list. See
[this file](https://github.com/rust-lang/team/blob/HEAD/teams/all.toml) to
check how subscriptions to mailing lists work. It's a very low-volume mailing
list (maybe a few emails per year), it's a way to communicate things to all

> contributors. You will not receive spam from this address.

Author: ```suggestion
contributors. We will not send you spam from this address.
```

> contributors. We will not send you spam from this address.

Reviewer: We won't, but random people might
